(gentle music)
- [Nana Komatsu] It had been
three years
since Trapnest hit the scene.
Every one of their records had
sold over a million copies.
Their lead singer, Reira, had a
rich tone
and vocal range that was
unparalleled in Japan
while Ren was the one who
wrote the bulk of the songs.
Throughout the whole concert,
I couldn't take my eyes
off of Ren.
I was so fixated on him,
it was like I was watching
him do a solo show.
I kept sending him telepathic
messages
hoping he would notice Nana
sitting there in the front row.
There were times when it
seemed like Ren
was looking right at us
but then his eyes would shoot
in some other direction.
(rock music)
- [Nana Komatsu] Why isn't
he getting my messages?
After we've come this far.
(crowd cheers)
- [Reira] Thank you everyone!
Good night!
- [Crowd] We want more!
We want more!
We want more! We want more!
- [Naoki] Wow. What a crazy
crowd.
Those kids are insane.
You think it's like a regional
thing?
- It's 'cause they're a
bunch of country bumpkins
who don't know any better.
This ain't no world tour.
And don't talk to the
audience when you're on stage.
It exposes them to your
lack of intelligence.
- Don't you think we
should add to the Encore?
I kind of feel like
two songs isn't enough.
- Without rehearsing it first?
Don't be such an idiot.
- Anyway, no can do.
Our time limit is almost up
and renting this hall
isn't free, you know.
- [Reira] Some manager you are,
Take.
Always keeping it cheap.
- Reira, why don't you just grow
up?
Hey Ren, you know, you
screwed up in the second song.
You did a good job trying to
cover it up
but it was still pretty obvious.
- Hey, where are you going, Ren?
- [Ren] Bathroom.
- What part did he screw up?
Cause I sure didn't notice
anything.
Oh, well I guess even
Ren can make a mistake.
- [Takumi] Am I the only one who
heard it?
What's with this band anyway?
(crowd chants)
- Do you think Ren even noticed
you?
It is a big crowd.
- (laughing) You can't see
anyone
when you've got all those
lights shining in your face.
- [Nana Komatsu] Really?
- Ah, I don't know.
I've never performed on a stage
this big.
- [Nana Komatsu] He couldn't see
us?
But we are in the front row
so maybe he could just a
little...
Oh, the demon Lord strikes
again.
- I bet it's an awesome
experience
to sing in such a big
venue like this.
- Huh?
(dramatic music)
You can do it Nana and you will.
Blast is gonna be bigger than
Trapnest.
(phone rings)
- Yeah?
- Hey Yasu, Nana's here.
- Hmm.
Have you guys finished
the concert already?
- [Ren] No, not yet.
Still gotta do the Encore.
- [Yasu] That's cool.
Have a good one.
- You knew she'd be here, didn't
you?
Why didn't you warn me?
- [Yasu] I thought it
would be a nice surprise.
- Well, it worked.
I got so freaked out,
I screwed up on stage
and had to cover it up.
- (laughing) That's perfect.
I couldn't have asked for more.
- It's not funny, man!
Why'd she come to the show
way out here and not in Tokyo?
Doesn't make any sense.
And she's sitting in
the front row.
- [Yasu] You can stage
dive right into her arms.
- Yeah, right.
I can't do that.
- Ren. What are you doing in
there?
The concert isn't over yet.
We gotta do the encore.
- [Yasu] Go on.
I'll send you a text with
the cell phone number
of the girl Nana's with.
- Huh?
- If you wanna meet up with
Nana,
give her a call on that number.
- How can I face her again
after all that happened?
- Cut the crap, Ren.
I don't want any excuses.
But if you don't want to see her
again,
I'll take her for myself.
- [Takumi] Ren! Let's go!
(crowd cheers)
- Welcome back girls!
I bet you're really hungry!
Dinner's on the table.
- [Nana Komatsu] They came
back on for an Encore.
Two songs and Ren didn't
look our way once.
- I'm so nervous, I'm starting
to sweat.
Must be from having dinner
with such a cute girl.
- Cute girl?
- Geez dad.
What a weird thing to say!
You sound like some old pervert.
- What? You want to talk weird.
Look at what you're wearing.
You look like Tarzan.
- [Nami] Tarzan?
- [Dad] Yeah, go back to the
jungle.
(girls laugh)
- [Nana Komatsu] It's time
I wake up from this dream
and face reality.
Ren's a famous superstar now.
Because of that, he's
totally inaccessible.
It makes me feel so powerless.
- Huh?
- That feels better.
Bathroom's free if you want a
bath now.
I left a towel for you.
- Okay. Thanks.
- Ooh...
(blow dryer whirs)
Oops. I forgot to turn my phone
back on.
(phone beeps)
Hm...
Yasu?
That's weird.
I wonder what he wants.
Huh?
(dramatic music)
Nana! Big emergency!
- Hello? What are you doing?
Can't you see I'm taking a bath
in here?
- I know but this is serious!
- Another one of your murder
mysteries?
- I got a text from Yasu.
You gotta see what it says.
- From Yasu?
- I'm sorry, Nana.
I had to turn my phone off for
the concert
and I totally forgot to
turn it back on again.
And now it's so late.
What if he tried to call
and didn't leave a message?
- What's going on here?
Why'd Yasu text you?
- I don't know.
Maybe Yasu gave Ren my
number and that's why
but I thought no one was
in touch with Ren anymore.
I don't get it.
What should we do?
- [Nana Osaki] Call Yasu.
(phone rings)
- [Yasu] Hello?
- Hi there Yasu. It's me.
- Oh, hi Nana.
Sorry I gave out your
number without asking first.
- [Nana Komatsu] It's all right.
- So did Ren call yet?
- [Nana Komatsu] I'm not sure.
- Hmm. You check your missed
calls?
- My phone was off for the
concert
and I forgot to switch it back
on again.
Do you think he tried
to call when it was off?
- [Yasu] Who knows?
- [Nana Komatsu] What should I
do?
- [Yasu] Just hang in there.
I bet he'll call at some point.
- [Nana Komatsu] Really?
- Probably. I did light
a fire under his ass.
- Damn you, Baldy.
I don't know what you told Ren
but you should mind your own
business.
I have got nothing to
say to him right now.
- Yeah. Okay.
But let me clear something up.
He was the one who called me
right after he saw you at the
concert.
- Hmm?
- I just gave him Nana's number.
That's all.
If you've got nothing to say to
Ren
then tell him that yourself.
You still have the key to the
place where you and Ren lived.
pad lock
he wears around his neck.
If you don't want them,
then just throw them away.
You can put an end to all this
right now.
Put yourself in his shoes.
His heart forever chained to a
woman
he can never have again.
(dramatic music)
- All right then.
Go ahead and give me his number.
I'm not waiting any longer.
(phone beeps)
- [Yasu] If you don't
want to see her again,
I'll take her for myself.
(doorbell rings)
(knocking on door)
- Ren?
Hmm?
Hey, what are you smoking?
Give me a drag, will ya?
- Yeah. As if.
- Oh, well, nevermind.
I'm too awake to fall asleep.
So I'm going to Takumi's
room to play some cards.
Wanna come?
- Playing cards again?
- Yeah. We're gonna play a game
of sevens.
I know.
We're such cool rock stars.
- (laughing) It's okay.
I'll pass.
- Mm...
- Since I'm so punk.
- Oh, come on Ren.
It's no fun unless you're there
with me.
Takumi and Noaki are no good at
cards
so it's boring playing with just
them.
I hate knowing I'm gonna win all
the time
against those losers.
- Sorry, but I'm beat.
I think I'm gonna crash.
Nighty, night.
- So lame.
Whatever.
- Reira?
- What?
- Your voice sounded rough
tonight.
Is everything okay?
- Everything's golden. 16 shows
to go.
(phone rings)
- Who is it?
- It's Nana.
(Ren coughs)
Hello to you too.
Glad to hear you're doing so
well.
- Yeah.
- [Nana Osaki] There's something
I wanna talk to you about.
Can we meet?
- Sure.
- [Nana Osaki] Where are you
now?
- In my hotel room.
- [Nana Osaki] Alone?
- Yeah.
- [Nana Osaki] Is it okay if I
come there?
- Sure.
- [Nana Osaki] Or we can meet
somewhere else if you want?
- No, here would be better.
It doesn't look like I
can go out right now.
- Then I'll be right there.
Just give me your hotel and room
number.
All those fans.
I guess they found out
where the band was staying.
No wonder he couldn't leave.
(elevator dings)
- [Nana Komatsu] What's Nana
gonna do
when she sees Ren again?
What's she gonna say?
Sometimes she can be so
stubborn.
I hope she doesn't screw things
up.
I'm so worried about her,
I don't think I can get to
sleep.
(elevator dings)
- Hmm?
Hmm.
How's it going?
- Hold on. You work here?
Where's your pass?
- Oh, my pass.
I always forget I need it.
It's such a pain to have to
dig it out every single time.
- Hmm.
- Oh, I must have left it
in my room when I went out.
Let me get it.
- Oh no, you don't.
This area is off limits to the
public.
The manager warned us.
Said the fans be trying to sneak
in.
Don't you know how much
trouble you groupies
caused a band with your
obsessive behavior?
- [Nana Osaki] I ain't no
groupie.
- [Worker] Now get out, go home.
- It's okay. I asked her to come
up.
So let her in.
Here, let's keep it hush hush.
Huh?
- Okay. Sorry, man.
(door beeps)
- Your security is pretty
intense.
I'm sorry.
Maybe I shouldn't have
come here to see you.
Ren...
Let me go.
I didn't come here to get
back together with you.
- [Ren] I missed you so much.
(gentle music)
(both sob)
- [Nana Osaki] What am I doing?
- You sure know how to be
sneaky, Yasu.
You knew that once you put
the idea in Nana's head
of giving the keys back to Ren,
she'd go right ahead and
do something about it.
- Ah that's pon.
- But if she gives them back,
it'll be over between them
forever.
- Yeah. But if she really
thought it was over
she wouldn't go return the
keys in person, would she?
And now that they got an
excuse to see each other
they can go ahead
and do what men and women
naturally do together.
- You know, Shin, not that I
care,
but you're becoming quite a wise
ass.
So shut it.
- Oh look, ron!
Does that mean I win?
- He's good.
- No way! You played us for
suckers!
That's totally not a cool thing
to do.
- I never knew Mahjong was so
much fun.
Let's play with four people next
time.
We could ask Nana. Does she
play?
- Yeah, she does.
When Ren was around, the four
of us would play together.
- We should ask Ren over
the next time we play.
- You're kidding!
You mean I'd get to meet Ren?
That's awesome!
- He's our friend. Not yours.
It's not fair, Yasu.
You always get to meet
up secretly with Ren.
Why am I always the one left
out?
- [Yasu] Because Ren's afraid to
see you.
- Huh?
- So he does feel guilty
about leaving Blast.
- When Trapnest first
approached him with the offer
he turned them down.
Then Takumi called and
asked me to talk to Ren.
I'm the one who persuaded
him he should go for it.
But he still feels like he
abandoned us.
- I don't know why it's still
bugging him.
It's all in the past now.
That's not like him at all.
- Actually, that's exactly like
him.
I wonder if someone so sensitive
is gonna last in the world
of major record labels.
It worries me.
- Hmm.
In that case, I'm gonna
send him an invitation
to a Mahjong battle against us.
- Yay!
- He'll be so happy, he'll cry.
- So Yasu earlier on
the phone, you told Nana
that you lit a fire
under Ren's butt.
Was it a trick?
Tell me 'cause I wanna
learn from myself.
- I don't really have any tricks
that are worth mentioning.
Haven't you figured out
how stupid I am?
- But you're smart.
Not at all like Nobu.
- It's not about how
smart you are.
You're still just a kid, Shin.
- [Nana Komatsu] Back then,
I thought I'd never want
to fall in love again.
But that night things
changed for me.
I decided I wanted
to dream again.
I wanted to love someone no
matter how painful it might be.
And while I was praying
for your happiness, Nana,
I regained my own sense
of hope for the future.